hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
the series where I try to beat Minecraft
while teaching English in my last video
I designed this custom skin this is my
first Minecraft video where I'm using my
new skin I worked on this building a
little bit
as you can see it's a little bit taller
than last time
and I also started working on this
staircase I'll go over there and show
you I want this staircase to connect to
the building over there with a bridge
so this staircase will turn into a
bridge that goes across this River and
connects to the building over there
this is going to take a long time so
I'll probably build this off camera
because it'll be boring to watch last
time I played Minecraft I found some
diamonds and built these diamond tools
this diamond pickaxe and this diamond ax
a diamond shovel I built all of the
diamond tools and these diamond tools
are great
but they could be a lot better if I
could build an enchanting table
I could use the enchanting table to give
these tools magical abilities which
would make them a lot better and the
problem is
in order to build an enchanting table
I will need a lot of books and to build
books you need leather and paper
well paper is built with sugar cane and
I have a lot of sugar cane all of this
all of this
is sugar cane so as you can see I have a
lot of sugar cane so making paper is no
problem
the problem is the leather
you see in order to get leather you need
to kill cows
and then the cows drop leather
that is going to be difficult I'm going
to need a lot of cows
so in this video I'm going to build a
barn to store cows but right now it's
night time so it's time to sleep
sleep time sleep time
where's egg burn
eggvert
oh there's egg Birds
Egbert dropped an egg on my bed
I'll pick it up and sleep okay
and it's morning
morning blue skies
so
right now I'm going to look for a place
to build the barn
let's see
I think I'm going to build the barn
right here
so right now I'll dig up this sound so
that the ground is flat and then I'll
start building
I want to make the barn pretty big
because I'm going to need a lot of cows
so I'm going to flatten a lot of land
right here
also over here
I need to eat
I don't think that it's healthy to only
eat carrots but it's the only food I
have right now
okay I think that this should be enough
this is quite a bit of space space to
build the barn
so
hmm
I guess now I'm going to replace the
sand with dirt
because I want the ground to be grass
for the cows so
now I'll start to dig up the sand on the
ground
and replace it with dirt
This Grass will spread to the dirt
after a while but it'll take a little
bit of time to grow
so that's why I'm going to start by
replacing the sand with dirt
that way I can give the grass time to
grow
I not only want to capture cows for this
barn but also pigs and sheep and
um
chickens
I want to capture all of the different
animals inside my barn
all right
now time to replace it all with dirt
dirt dirt dirt
uh oh all out of dirt but it's okay
cause I have a lot of dirt back at the
house
so back to the house we go up here in
the soil chest
dirt dirt dirt dirt
wow look at all of this sand
I have a ton of sand
aha
see the grass has begun to grow here on
the dirt
it's getting dark again
the Sun is going down
all right
all finished replacing the send with
dirt
I'm going to place some torches here
all right now back to sleep
[Music]
so
another thing that I did off camera was
collect a ton of wood
right here one two three stacks of wood
which I will use to build the barn
okay
maybe right here
two three
one two three one two three and
one two three so now I'll fill in the
walls
[Music]
I'll fill in the walls with wooden
planks right here
like this
I'm going to put doors right here so
I'll leave a space
[Music]
this is going to take a lot of wood
it's a little bit boring if the entire
wall is just wood so now I'm going back
to my house to pick up some glass and
I'll put Windows on this wall
I started smelting some sand into glass
using bamboo as fuel
so I have a lot of glass smelting right
here but right now I have 43 glass which
I can turn into glass panes right here
so that should be enough glass
see one two three
one two three
cool so I'll put glass right here and
I'll do the same thing on the other side
right here
[Music]
wood
one two three one two three
all right cool actually I'm going to
space out the windows a little bit more
I don't like that there's three blocks
right here but only one right here
so maybe like this
[Music]
okay yeah I like that better
okay there we go
wood
now it's time to place the glass
actually
there we go now it's time to place the
glass
and now this side
and last one
[Music]
awesome
and now this is the last wall
I think I'm going to put some windows
right here as well
think that that would look better
cool
it's night time but I'm going to
continue building because this island is
pretty bright now that I've placed a
bunch of torches
so hopefully no monsters will attack me
more windows
all right cool and the grass is
continuing to grow which is great
so
now it's time for the roof which for me
is always the hardest part
so
I'm going to do my best to build a roof
for this barn now
I'm going to place
some stairs like this and like this
okay
and the same thing right here
hey get out of here
get out of my barn
replace this with dirt
all right it's cool
all right time to start building the
roof
oh spider
spiders
oh
yeah
I lied
this place is not safe
even with all these torches
they're still monsters attacking me but
I'm going to continue building
up okay nope
thank you
well I ran out of the slabs that I was
using to build the roof
so
I'm going back to my house to build more
slabs and to sleep
I'm going to turn all of these planks
right here
into
slabs
all right wow that made a lot of slabs
and sleep
all right back to building
foreign
I heard a skeleton
oh
I'm so close
all right I'm all finished now let's see
what it looks like
oops
oh actually
maybe I'll put Windows up there
not bad no I like that
destroy this dirt
I like that window right there
I'm going to do the same thing on the
other side
right here
one two windows oh
oh I can't reach those wooden planks up
there
sad there's still a little bit of dirt
but most of the grass of the grass has
grown pretty fast
so
now I'm going to build some fences and
some fence gates and I'll place them in
here
there's a bunny on top of my watermelons
I'm going to break all of these torches
on the ground
all right and I'll place the torches on
the walls
maybe right here
um
right here
right here and right here
four on each side
here here
and here
all right so now it's light in here
and now it's time to place the fences
fences
like this
and I'm going to make a little path here
in the middle
like this
oh no
my diamond shovel broke
I can't believe that my diamond shovel
already broke
you see that is why I need to enchant my
tools
I only have three more diamonds and I'll
need two of those diamonds to build the
enchanting table
so
I only have one Diamond I can use I'm
going to use this diamond to build
another diamond shovel
one diamond and one two sticks makes a
diamond shovel
um nighttime
[Music]
okay
all right I finished the path
so in Minecraft there are cows
sheep
chickens
pigs
[Music]
um
are there any other animals
don't think so okay so four
so I'm going to build four different
areas for animals in this Barn
so two on each side
two on this side and two on this side
so I'll go like this fence fence fence
and fence fence fence
one two
three
four
and
I'll Place fence gates
right here here
and here
one two three four
and I'll also put a torch right here and
right here
cool so now I can enter each of these
areas
like this
awesome
I'm pretty happy with this Barn
so
think I'm going to end this video right
here and in the next video I'll go
searching for animals that I can bring
back here to the barn if you liked this
video you could support the channel by
clicking the like button or subscribing
by clicking up here and if you want to
continue learning you could watch my
last video by clicking down here
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video see ya